(PC-16825) : Import icons (#3504)
pass-culture/pass-culture-app-native: doc/customize/icons.md

- Linear pictograms have to be used at size 20px or bigger for Accessibility reasons. Typical use cases include Primary and Secondary buttons.
- Filled pictograms have to be used at size 20 px or smaller. Typical use cases include Tertiary and Quaternary buttons.

Always download icons from the 'Fondation' figma so the ViewBox/Path ratio is consistent. 

> 

Reviewer: Possible d'y mettre un lien ?

https://www.figma.com/file/jswn3bl2Sy7hm4XDyOLWE9/Fondations

Reviewer: Je pense qu'on peut clarifier aussi le rapport ViwBox/Path que tu évoques.

```suggestion
If you don't download icons from the Fondations file, make sure to use the viewbox values from your import, rather than the default "48 48 0 0" used in Fondations. The Path and the ViewBox are related to maintain a consistent ratio. 
```

Tu penses que c'est assez clair ?
